I'm Trevor more today i'll be reviewing
my comic police hammer here it is 36
inches long and 8 inches wide it has a
tail so if you're like riding off Kurds
you can pop that up it's pretty nice if
you want to do some shove it's even if
you wander step on the tail to make your
slides easier truly nice um I nasty dog
which really nice grip tape it is very
and it doesn't very gripping it doesn't
wear down much at all it has a regular
like concave it's not quite but it's not
a w hockey doesn't have a spine so it's
just flat if you can see that it just
goes like a half pipe that goes down and
then up said not that steep obviously I
have all the graphic is kind of cool it
is a my good hammerhead shark coming out
of the grease bucket thingy it's kind of
cool I don't get this whatever bag that
is but I have a back 11 flashbacks on
blackout calibers 44 degrees base plates
and little shock pads much like those
that make it a lot smoother um i have
spent on bushings and blood orange at
both because i'm gonna be light i have
to put some wider bushings to make it i
mean here for me and it's really nice
because with the grip tape and the
concave it has it really locks repeated
on standees or technical slides whatever
you really like to do it's really good
board out we recommend it for any rider
like a little beginner to intermediate
maybe even some advanced truly nice for
sliding i would recommend it and it's
not too expensive it's like a hundred
twenty dollars
it's really nice board I prefer it over
my kills make for sliding I just like it
better because it shorter easier for me
to maneuver and yeah that's my review on
the pre-show Reese hammer